[branch-53] Update version and add Changelog (#21559)
apache/datafusion: dev/changelog/53.1.0.md

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

# Apache DataFusion 53.1.0 Changelog

> This release consists of 0 commits from 0 contributors. See credits at the end of this changelog for more information.

Reviewer: 0/0 seems wrong. I am not sure why it is at 0

> This release consists of 0 commits from 0 contributors. See credits at the end of this changelog for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release consists of 10 commits from 4 contributors. See credits at the end of this changelog for more information.
```

Author: I think it happens as I run commands on the fork, I'll check if the script can be updated. The script also doesn't provide me credits, I had to add them manually

- [branch-53] Substrait join consumer should not merge nullability of join keys (#21121) [#21162](https://github.com/apache/datafusion/pull/21162) (hareshkh)
- [branch-53] chore: Optimize schema rewriter usages (#21158) [#21183](https://github.com/apache/datafusion/pull/21183) (comphead)
- [branch-53] fix: use spill writer's schema instead of the first batch schema for … [#21451](https://github.com/apache/datafusion/pull/21451) (comphead)
- [branch-53] fix: use datafusion_expr instead of datafusion crate in spark bitmap/… [#21452](https://github.com/apache/datafusion/pull/21452) (comphead)
- [branch-53] fix: FilterExec should drop projection when apply projection pushdown [#21492](https://github.com/apache/datafusion/pull/21492) (comphead)
- [branch-53] fix: foreign inner ffi types (#21439) [#21524](https://github.com/apache/datafusion/pull/21524) (alamb)
- [branch-53] Restore Sort unparser guard for correct ORDER BY placement (#20658) [#21523](https://github.com/apache/datafusion/pull/21523) (alamb)

## Credits

Thank you to everyone who contributed to this release. Here is a breakdown of commits (PRs merged) per contributor.

```
     4  Oleks V

>      3  Andrew Lamb

Author: I had to add this section manually, it was blank after running

```
uv run ./dev/release/generate-changelog.py 53.0.0 branch-53 53.1.0 > dev/changelog/53.1.0.md
```

So I had to pull it manually 
```
git shortlog -sn 53.0.0..upstream/branch-53
```
